h3. 1.6.2 (29 April 2013)
* Handle 401 (no access) from Fedora in a graceful manner
* Expose methods relating to control group (e.g. external?, redirect?, managed?, inline?)
* validate that a pid is passed as one of the arguments to RestApiClient#export

h3. 1.6.1
* Removed break which caused Enumerator to never terminate

h3. 1.6.0
* Added support for accessing the audit log

h3. 1.5.1
* Fixed backwards incompatibility. Readded Deprecation to Rubydora::DigitalObject so 5.x versions of AF can do 'Deprecation.silence(Rubydora::DigitalObject)'

h3. 1.5.0
* Support for streaming range requests
* Removed deprecated functionality for calling find on a non-existant datastream.

h3. 1.4.0
* Don't load datastreams more than necessary

h3. 1.2.1
* Support for Rack::Test::UploadedFile
* Allow reading content that is a kind of IO after save

h3. 0.5.11
* Ensure that the base rest resource is insulated from blocks passed to dissemination and datastream_dissemination.
* Deprecated a behavior for DigitalObject.find that allowed one to call DigitalObject.find for a non-existent object. This will raise an exception in a future rubydora release. Instead, you should use the new DigitalObject.find_or_initialize for that behavior.
* Use ActiveSupport::Rescuable for the REST API calls.
* Implement a basic form of "transactions" in Rubydora, intended to be used during testing. It uses the new REST API hooks and knows how to roll-back the different data-changing operations. In some cases, this involves deleting and re-ingesting the previous version of the object (purge, modify datastream, purge datastream), which make it unsuitable for production use, especially with large content datastreams.

At Stanford, we've hooked it into our rspec tests as an around filter:
bc. RSpec.configure do |config|
  …
  config.around(:each) do |example|
    ActiveFedora::Base.connection_for_pid(0).transaction do |t|
      example.call
      t.rollback
    end
  end
end

h3. 0.5.10
* Support for content_changed? and content_will_change!

h3. 0.5.9
* Raise exception if it's not 404

h3. 0.5.7
* Don't expect that a digital object necessarily has a repository. 

h3. 0.5.6
* Don't log 404 errors. It's just checking to see if datastreams exist


h3. 0.5.5
* Raise Unauthorized errors

h3. 0.5.4
* Query Benchmarking 
* Custom exception classes

h3. 0.5.3
* Issue 11, cast versionable strings to boolean 
* Allow versionable to be set to false 

h3. 0.5.2
* Force checksum query when you call dsChecksumValid, unless it's already in the profile.

h3. 0.5.1
* symbolize keys that are passed as config options

h3. 0.5.0
* added checksum validation

